
What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	
	Structures are created for git to track the history of the files included in
	the repository. Without the initialization, git does not have the necessary
	structure to support its functionality

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	The staging area contains related files to be included in a single commit in
	the future. It allows the user to select a set of multiple files that contain
	related changes, differentiating them from other files

	The repository, on the other hand, contains only those files that have been
	commited previously, and the current directory contains all files the user
	works with, including perhaps some scratch files

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	Add the files making up the logical change to the staging area using the
	"git add" command, and then verify that the changes to be applied indeed
	make up a single logical change by using the command "git diff --staged"

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
	
	Branches help in isolating changes to the project such that fixes can easily
	be applied to the main working code while exploring the implemenation of new
	features without either work undoing the other

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	By using a diagram we can represent graphically the relationship between
	the commits and branches in the projects, easily detect reachability between
	commits, as well as unreachable commits if such exist.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

	Merging two branches incorporates the changes in both branches into a new
	commit that contains all changes.

	The representation in the diagram shows that parallel changes take place
	and the changes that go into each branch until they merge.
		